README.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]

```sh

                       __  __       ____          _    __  __
                      |  \/  |_   _/ ___|  ___   / \  |  \/  |
                      | |\/| | | | \___ \ / _ \ / _ \ | |\/| |
                      | |  | | |_| |___) |  __// ___ \| |  | |
                      |_|  |_|\__,_|____/ \___/_/   \_\_|  |_|

```

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->

<br />

<p align="center">
  
  <a href="https://github.com/minjunp/MuSeAM">
    
   
  </a>

  <p align="center">
     * Multinomial Convolutions for Joint Modeling of Sequence Motifs and Enhancer Activities *
    <br />
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="Link to demo">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="Link to repo issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="Link to repo issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

## Usage

Install conda environment

```sh
conda env create -f environment.yml
conda activate museam

```

## Demo

Running model on example data

```sh
python train.py -t regression
```

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Minjun Park: minjunp3@gmail.com

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

Commit message:

Update: How to run the code

README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

```sh

                       __  __       ____          _    __  __
                      |  \/  |_   _/ ___|  ___   / \  |  \/  |
                      | |\/| | | | \___ \ / _ \ / _ \ | |\/| |
                      | |  | | |_| |___) |  __// ___ \| |  | |
                      |_|  |_|\__,_|____/ \___/_/   \_\_|  |_|

```

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->

<br />

<p align="center">
  
  <a href="https://github.com/minjunp/MuSeAM">
    
   
  </a>

  <p align="center">
     * Multinomial Convolutions for Joint Modeling of Sequence Motifs and Enhancer Activities *
    <br />
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="Link to demo">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="Link to repo issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="Link to repo issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

## Usage

Install conda environment

```sh
conda env create -f environment.yml
conda activate museam

```

## How to run the code

Running model on default (liver enhancer) data.

```sh
python train.py -t regression
```

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Minjun Park: minjunp3@gmail.com

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
